# **VERSIONS 1.1.x**
>## **2023-07-04 to 2023-07-10**
>1.1.1 to 1.1.5

## Version 1.1.1
Released 2023-07-04

Summary:
Fix looting from deposed shopkeepers with the Package Spell

Previously, you'd still be charged the price for items even if the shopkeeper is missing or dead. This update addressed that so you can now get those items for free.

## Version 1.1.2
Released 2023-07-04

Summary:
- Don't outline active familiars
- Put single-choice items in proper pickup sequence
- Activate holsters immediately during pickup

Some shortcuts I'd taken in the item pickup code meant that any "choose one of these three" groups you'd claimed would always be granted after guaranteed items revealed later - the order matters if they're part of the same slot. Also, holsters weren't recognized until the next floor, when it'd be nice to be able to use it immediately. Both of these have been fixed.

Lastly, familiars were granted a blue "safe item" outline when that wasn't necessary. That's been fixed too.

## Version 1.1.3
Released 2023-07-08

Summary:
- Bestiary artwork
- The "Infinite" bomb option can now be translated

WinnerBit made some lovely artwork for the Bestiary, viewed when selecting Lola as a character. The previous artwork, simply a very enlarged sprite, has thus been removed.

I updated my mod translation template, and part of that action was to add a translation key for the word "Infinite" as seen in the number of bombs option.

## Version 1.1.4
Released 2023-07-10

Summary:
Lola can now safely pick up items spawned from the in-game editor!

... Simple as that, really. You can now drop items directly onto Lola from the in-game editor and they won't die.

*Modder note:*
This version adds the component field `Lola_holders.safe`.

## Version 1.1.5
Released 2023-07-10

Summary:
Small fix to rendering in the actual Level Editor

Items are no longer outlined when placed by Level Editor.
