# **Version 1.2.0**
>## 2023-07-20

Note: Version 1.2.1 was released the next day to fix a bug with conjurer/transmog achievement interactions.

## Gameplay changes

### Achievements!
Support has been added for the InGameAchievements mod with three achievements to be earned:

- **Lola the Lucky:** Clear a run with Default Rules
- **Lola the Persistent:** Clear a run with Classic Rules
- **Lola the Adaptible:** Clear a run with either Default Rules or Classic Rules, but do not destroy or skip collecting any claimed items.

If you've already earned the achievement "Lola: Hardcore!", that'll translate into "Lola the Lucky" and you don't need to unlock it again.

For Classic Rules, pause the game and go to "Customize", "Custom rules", accept the popup if one appears, "Mod options", "Lola", "Use a preset", and finally "Classic Rules".

To earn achievements, you must play singleplayer; the custom rules must match one of the presets in "Use a preset"*; they must not change during the run; and Dancepad, Phasing, and No Beat modes must be disabled.

### Other gameplay changes
Under default rules:
[BUFF=Greater Package] will now capture enemies.
  - This includes minibosses and bosses; have fun!
- Dying (in multiplayer) will not cause players to miss items.

These are both settings that can be toggled. In both cases, the opposite behavior is true in Classic Rules.

## Aesthetic changes
- When a player will miss items as a result of dying or exiting by a trapdoor, the highlight on those items is removed to signal to other players that nobody will be getting those items.
- Lola's Bestiary artwork has been signed by its artist, WinnerBit! Also, the focus has been moved so that partial shots (such as the multiplayer mid-run character select screen) look actually at them rather than at a corner of the room.

## Misc changes
- Added changelogs for 1.2.0 and 1.1.x! They're not automatic on update but I may one day add that too.

## Modding/code changes
- Added functions `RevealedItems.unmarkAll(player)` and `RevealedItems.unmarkAllPID(playerID)`
- The component values `Lola_descentCollectItems.active` and `Lola_forcedLowPercent.active` no longer change every floor
