# **VERSION 1.4.0**
>## **2025-06-04**

## Changes
- Added option to bounce off items/shrines instead of dying to them.
  - This still removes the player's groove chain, though this effect is prevented by Ballet Shoes.
  - Coins or safe items beneath unsafe items cannot be collected.
  - This option is not enabled by Default Rules or Custom Rules.
- Added hints when interacting with shrines or items.
  - These hints are displayed whether the bounce option is enabled or disabled.
- In-Game Achievements can now be earned in No Beat Mode. Phasing and Dancepad Modes must still be disabled.

### Package spell changes
For Lola to claim an item from a crate, either they must be the one to open it, or they must be the last player to interact with it before it was opened by non-player damage.

Previously, creating the crate via the Package Spell did not count as "interacting" with it, which would mean that Packaging an item and then getting a Red Dragon to fireball it open (without touching it in the meantime) would not grant Lola that item.

This has been changed. Creating a crate via Package Spell now counts as an interaction. In the above scenario, Lola will claim the item.

An option has been added to reverse this behavior. Classic Rules uses this option, though that has no effect because Classic Rules also disables Package Spell entirely.

### Rulecheck changes
The following changes have been made to rule-checking (for achievements and best times) specifically:
- No Beat Mode is now tracked. IGA can be earned with or without No Beat Mode, while there is a separate Best Times menu for No Beat Mode.
- Weekly Challenge Mode can now earn in-game achievements or set best times.
  [NERF=Week 39] is not affected by this change, as it uses an older version of the mod.
- Default Rules requires the "Automatically claim package interactions" setting to be true (which it is, by default).
- Classic Rules no longer checks the "Greater Package enemies" rule, as the Package Spell itself is disabled, therefore this rule has no effect.

### Modding changes
- Added function `RevealedItems.check(item)`, which returns the PID of the player that has claimed an item (or `false` if no player has).
